Oie docs embedded revisions general (#2237)
okta/okta-developer-docs: packages/@okta/vuepress-site/docs/guides/oie-embedded-overview/main/index.md

Okta provides two embedded identity solutions.

1. **Embedded SDK**: A highly customizable solution that
   provides native language support for a variety of identity
   use cases.

> 2. **Embedded Widget + SDK**: A quick and easy to setup solution that

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. **Embedded Widget + SDK**: A quick and easy to set up solution that
```

Author: Made updates in latest commit.

   moves most of the the heavy lifting to Okta. Although the amount

>    of code you need to write is small, many of the most advanced

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   of code that you need to write is small, many of the most advanced
```

Author: Made the updates in latest commit.

>    idenity use cases (e.g. social sign in, multi-factor authentication)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   identity use cases (for example, social sign in, multifactor authentication)
```

Author: Made the updates in latest commit.
